docs: Add Karpenter support for Windows docs (#4074)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/docs/concepts/node-templates.md

  subnets: { ... }               # resolved subnets
  securityGroups: { ... }        # resolved security groups
```

> Refer to the [Provisioner docs]({{<ref "./provisioners" >}}) for settings applicable to all providers. For some example `AWSNodeTemplate` configurations, see the [examples here](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/examples/provisioner/).

Reviewer: Consider refactoring to something like-

> Refer to the Provisioner docs for settings applicable to all providers. To explore various AWSNodeTemplate configurations, refer to the examples provided here.

Author: Got it. Will rephrase as suggested.

> Refer to the [Provisioner docs]({{<ref "./provisioners" >}}) for settings applicable to all providers. For some example `AWSNodeTemplate` configurations, see the [examples here](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/examples/provisioner/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Provisioner docs]({{<ref "./provisioners" >}}) for settings applicable to all providers. For example `AWSNodeTemplate` configurations, see the [examples here](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/examples/provisioner/).
```

The AMI used when provisioning nodes can be controlled by the `amiFamily` field. Based on the value set for `amiFamily`, Karpenter will automatically query for the appropriate [EKS optimized AMI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-optimized-amis.html) via AWS Systems Manager (SSM). When an `amiFamily` of `Custom` is chosen, then an `amiSelector` must be specified that informs Karpenter on which custom AMIs are to be used.

> Currently, Karpenter supports `amiFamily` values `AL2`, `Bottlerocket`, `Ubuntu`, `Windows2019`, `Windows2022` and `Custom`. GPUs are only supported with `AL2`, `Bottlerocket`, `Windows2019` and `Windows2022`. The `AL2` amiFamily does not support ARM64 GPU instance types unless you specify a custom amiSelector.

Reviewer: I don't think we support GPUs for EKS Windows yet.

Author: Oh, I had checked EC2 Windows support and assumed we also support GPUs. Will remove this change.

Reviewer 2: @tzifudzi to confirm whether pods requesting GPUs work on a Windows node

Author: So Windows EKS Windows Optimized AMIs do not currently ship with NVIDIA GPU drivers installed. So this means that pods can be scheduled on the node but the GPU workloads will not be successfully executed unless the appropriate drivers are installed. As such, I will be removing the statement regarding Windows GPU support until EKS Windows ships with drivers installed.

{{% alert title="Defaults" color="secondary" %}}
If no `amiFamily` is defined, Karpenter will set the default `amiFamily` to AL2

```yaml
spec:
  amiFamily: AL2
```
{{% /alert %}}

> ## spec.amiSelector

Reviewer: We should consider adding an example or a comment in `amiSelector` specifying how Windows users can use Full AMIs using this one. Example-
```
  amiSelector:
    aws::name: Windows_Server-2019-English-Full-EKS_Optimized-1.26*
```

Author: Thats a good suggestion. I will add such an example.

Author: Added a FAQ section which

1. Explains that Windows Server Core is the option used with the Windows2019 and Windows2022 AMI families.
2. Provides an example of how to use the full AMI family

For more examples on configuring these fields for different AMI families, see the [examples here](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/examples/provisioner/launchtemplates).

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> If you are provisioning Windows nodes, take note that at the current time, specifying `spec.userData` is not supported for Windows nodes, but support is expected in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifying `spec.userData` is not currently supported for Windows nodes, but support is expected in the future.
```
